Welcome to Tech a Look, I am Yao Wei.
Today I will introduce the Padbook launched by Gigabyte, model number S1185.
Now let's see what accessories are in the package?
Ok, now we see what Yao Yao’s hand is going to introduce.
Padbook S1185
And we will see a copy of the instructions and a copy of the guarantee.
There are related product CDs
And there is a keyboard for Gigabyte.
Then we can see that it will have this power cord!
Ok, then the next thing we see is the Padbook S1185.
That Padbook, it actually is either front or back
Each has a lens
So you want to take a selfie or take a photo of someone else can use this lens
And we can see that there is a Window button on this side.
And this is the mouse to match the two buttons on the side to switch left and right
Then we can see that there is a jack for headphones here.
And the USB jack also has the rotation mode turned off.
And Power's buttons
The other side we can see
If you want to adjust this volume, the sound is adjusted here.
And here you can insert a SIM card and there is an SD card.
There are also two jacks, one for VGA and one for HDMI.
Then we can see that this is the USB3.0 jack.
And the power jack is here
If you want to stand up this Gigabyte Padbook
There is a bracket at the back to stand it up
It will be very convenient at work
Next, let's take Yao Yao to teach you how to use this Padbook.
We now see this Padbook on the desktop that is the S1185.
Ok, the screen size of the Padbook is 11.6吋
Full HD IPS for this touch screen
Ok, we just mentioned the button for this rotation mode.
Show it to everyone
Then we are not turning off the button for this rotation mode
It will rotate with the rotation of our screen.
Now we turn it off
Ok, it will show off
Then it won’t rotate again
Have you seen it?
Ok, we are opening again now.
After turning it on, it goes back to this rotating mode.
Ok, then we are combining this screen with our keyboard.
This keyboard is a magnet
So it is very convenient to combine
And it’s easy to work by setting up the rear brackets.
And we are going to introduce one now is this
Mouse! Have you seen it! Deng! The mouse is here!
Then we are going to the weather now.
The main application to this weather
We will go to the page of this app with a little click.
Ok, let's quit now.
OK, go back to the main page and exit
Ok, let's go to this weather again now.
At this time, we don’t want to use this method on this side.
We can use this left button
Just introduced the switch of the left and right buttons, we press the left button
Is it convenient to return to this weather?
Ok, now let's take a look
This system function inside this GIGABYTE
Ok, it shows that the processor is the CPU of the Intel Core 3337U.
OK, it is the third generation of this processor
And that memory RAM is so big as 4G
And its hard disk memory is 128G
Ok, let's go back to the main page.
Come back to us at this time, we will close this screen first.
Sometimes we want to know directly how much this battery is.
We just press the volume button of the volume of this sound
Ok, side volume size button, then we hold it down
It will show electricity, hehe! There are still two grids of electricity.
Okay! The above is the introduction of this product that Yao Hao brought to you today.
Then if you want to know more 3C products
Remember to subscribe to our Channel
And Facebook Google+ below our videos.
And the website of Tech a Look
Remember to lock us!
I am Yao Hao, hehe!
Subtitles by the Amara.org community